Update Readme.md (#1)
DevExpress-Examples/winforms-pivot-grid-override-in-place-cell-editor: Readme.md

<!-- default badges list -->
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Open_in_DevExpress_Support_Center-FF7200?style=flat-square&logo=DevExpress&logoColor=white)](https://supportcenter.devexpress.com/ticket/details/T515806)
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/📖_How_to_use_DevExpress_Examples-e9f6fc?style=flat-square)](https://docs.devexpress.com/GeneralInformation/403183)
<!-- default badges end -->

# Pivot Grid for WinForms - Override the In-Place Cell Editor 

This example shows how to change the editor type when the editor is in "edit" mode. 

![Pivot Grid](image/pivotgrid.png)

> The `ProgressBar` in-place editor (repository item) displays values of the "Quantity %" field as progress bars. In "edit" mode, the [CustomCellEditForEditing](https://docs.devexpress.com/WindowsForms/DevExpress.XtraPivotGrid.PivotGridControl.CustomCellEditForEditing) event rises to change this repository item to `TextEdit`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `ProgressBar` in-place editor (repository item) displays values of the "Quantity %" field as progress bars. In "edit" mode, the [CustomCellEditForEditing](https://docs.devexpress.com/WindowsForms/DevExpress.XtraPivotGrid.PivotGridControl.CustomCellEditForEditing) event is raised to change this repository item to `TextEdit`.
```
